Custome RichText: Pick an icon from Icons ref (#3330)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/content_management/rich_text/extend_online_editor.md

`string`, `number`, `boolean`, `link`, and `choice`.
`choice` requires that you provide a list of options in the `choices` key.

Provide your own SVG icon, or choose one from the [built-in icons included in `all-icons.svg`](icon_twig_functions.md#icons-reference).

> You must provide your own file for the Twig template.

Author: ```suggestion
You must create your own file for the Twig template.
```

[[= include_file('code_samples/back_office/online_editor/custom_tags/linktag/config/packages/custom_tags.yaml') =]]
```

> To choose an icon from the provided `all-icons.svg` file, see the [Icons reference](icon_twig_functions.md#icons-reference).

Author: ```suggestion
To choose an icon from the out-of-the-box `all-icons.svg` file, see the [Icons reference](icon_twig_functions.md#icons-reference). Or you can provide your own SVG file.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide your own SVG icon, or choose one from the [built-in icons included in `all-icons.svg`](icon_twig_functions.md#icons-reference).
```

> Provide your own file for the Twig template.

Author: ```suggestion
Use your own file for the Twig template.
```
